                            Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

         In the web development and internet protocols,the HTTP plays a pivotal role in facilitating communication between clients 
         and servers. Over time, HTTP has evolved to meet the increasing demands of the modern web, leading to the emergence of newer versions.
        
                            HTTP stands for HyperText Transfer protocol
    The differences between these two protocols in order to gain a better understanding of how they affect user experience and web development.                        
    
                *Multiplexing and Concurrent Requests
                *Header Compression:
                *Server Push
                *Binary Protocol
                *Connection Management 

          *Multiple Requests and Multiplexing:

HTTP/1.1: Only one request may be transmitted on a connection at a time under the HTTP/1.1 protocol. This restriction frequently results in inefficiencies 
because requests must be queued and handled sequentially, especially on high-latency connections.
HTTP/2: Multiplexing is a feature of HTTP/2 that enables the simultaneous sending and receiving of many requests and answers over a single connection. 
This function greatly lowers latency and speeds up page loads overall, particularly for intricate websites with plenty of resources.  

          *Header Compression:

HTTP/1.1: Each request and response in HTTP/1.1 includes headers that contain metadata about the data being transmitted. These headers are often verbose and repetitive, 
leading to unnecessary overhead, especially when transferring small payloads.
HTTP/2: HTTP/2 employs header compression techniques such as HPACK, which efficiently compresses headers, reducing the amount of data transmitted over the network.
 This optimization results in faster page loads and reduced bandwidth consumption, particularly beneficial for mobile users and those on constrained networks.

         *server Push:

HTTP/1.1: To improve page load times, web developers frequently use methods like inlining or concatenating resources. Nevertheless, managing these techniques can be difficult and ineffective.
HTTP/2: This version of HTTP adds server push, which allows servers to forward resources to clients in advance of requests. Server push improves user experience by reducing round trips and 
speeding up page rendering by anticipating the demands of the client.

         *Binary Protocol:

HTTP/1.1: Textual representations, which can be human-readable but are inefficient to parse and process, are the foundation of HTTP/1.1's data exchange protocol.
HTTP/2: HTTP/2 uses a binary protocol, which is easier for computers to understand and handle. This simplified format speeds up communication between clients and servers by lowering parsing overhead.

        *Connection Management:

HTTP/1.1: In HTTP/1.1, establishing and managing multiple connections to accommodate concurrent requests can be resource-intensive, especially for secure connections (HTTPS), due to the overhead of TLS handshake.
HTTP/2: HTTP/2 uses a single, multiplexed connection per origin, reducing the overhead associated with connection establishment and TLS handshake. 
This consolidation of connections simplifies resource allocation and management, resulting in improved scalability and resource utilization.

        *Conclusion:
                     The simple meaning of HyperText Transfer Protocol is a set of rules,for an example if we search anything in google it gives immedaite information by the help of HTTP.
  It is the protocol used to transfer data over the web. It has an client server,by the help of client server HTTP works.It is also called as language.


                                    client ---------- Network---------- Server 
                                       |                |                  |
                                              
                                       |                |                  |
                                    Browser        Internet             web server

    



                         Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript


*what is an object?
            An object is a fundamental data type that represents a collection of key-value pairs. It is a composite data type, meaning it can contain other data types such as
         strings, numbers, arrays, functions, and even other objects.

         for example:

             // Creating an object using object literal
const person = {
    name: "Josco",
    age: 24,
    city: "Nagercoil"
};

*objects and its internal representation in Javascript:
             
In JavaScript, objects serve as fundamental data structures, encapsulating collections of key-value pairs. Internally, each object is composed of properties and methods, 
with each property associated with a property descriptor containing metadata about its behavior. Objects are linked to a prototype object, forming a prototype chain for property and method lookups. 
Modern JavaScript engines optimize object access using techniques like hidden classes and inline caching, while memory management involves automatic garbage collection to deallocate unused objects. 


Conclusion:
         Understanding the internal representation of objects in JavaScript is essential for efficient development. Objects consist of properties and methods, linked to prototype objects forming a chain for lookups. 
Modern engines optimize access using techniques like hidden classes and inline caching, with memory management handled through automatic garbage collection. This knowledge empowers developers to write more efficient and performant JavaScript code.

    